Document deprecation warnings feature (#21581)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> Starting in v1.19, admission webhooks can optionally return warning messages that are returned to the requesting client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in v1.19, admission webhooks can optionally return warning messages that are returned to the requesting client in HTTP Warning: headers, with a warning code of 299.
```
(is that correct? I haven't checked the actual code).

Author: correct

Warnings can be sent with allowed or rejected admission responses.
No "Warning:" prefix should be included in the message.

> Warning messages should describe a problem the client making the API request should correct or be aware of.

Reviewer 2: nits: Some possible rewording, capitalization(?):
Starting in Kubernetes v1.19, Admission Webhooks optionally return warning messages to client requests [ in responses to clients].

nit: a bit confusing: `No "Warning:" prefix should be included in the message.`

nit: another possible reword:
Warning messages describe a problem which the client should correct or be aware of.

Author: updated in the restructured version suggested in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/21581#discussion_r454635053

> No "Warning:" prefix should be included in the message.
> Warning messages should describe a problem the client making the API request should correct or be aware of.
> Limit warnings to 120 characters if possible. Warnings over 256 characters and large numbers of warnings may be truncated.

Reviewer: It took me a long time to work out the intended meaning. I think this is equivalent.

```suggestion
If you're implementing a webhook that returns a warning:

- don't include the header name `Warning:` in the message
- write messages that describe the problem the client making the API request should correct or be aware of
- limit messages to 120 characters if possible.

{{< caution >}}
The API server might truncate a warning message that exceeds 256 characters.  
Also, if one or more webhooks issue several warnings that combine to exceed 256 characters, the API server might truncate a shorter message that takes the combined warning-text length over the limit.
{{< /caution >}}
```

Author: that's not quite equivalent, but I tried to adapt to match the suggested structure

Reviewer 2: Can you correct:
`write messages that describe the problem the client making the API request should correct or be aware of`
This is hard to parse.
